[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So now we're finally
to the point where we can talk about
Underscore.
So we talked scope,
we talked about how closures worked.
We talked about the complexities between
parameter versus an argument and
how all these components work together and
now we can use the utility library like
Underscore js which combines all these
concepts into a handy library that
gives us all the utility functions that
allows us to do some pretty cool things.
So first thing is,
has anyone used the library here?
Raise your hand if you've
used a library before.
Cool, so underscore is just a library.
Which basically a library, in a sense,
is just a collection of
methods available to you.
So we have a jQuery library
which provides us a function,
a jQuery function that looks like this.
And we can call it like that.
Underscore is a library that gives
us an object that's an underscore
with a bunch of different
properties on it.
So the syntax for underscore,
you'll see an underscore and a dot.
And you can just imagine that somewhere in
the library it says var_ = some object.
And that's why we used .notation.
And then we can say, _.
Some method = some function.
And then,
some function that does something.
So that's how it's working at it's core
and we just include that JavaScript
file in our HTML, we have access to
all those methods and let's just check
out the underscore library just to
kinda get a feel of what it looks like.
So this is just their documentation, you
can see that, that underscore comes with
all of these handy functions that you
can use that make your code easier.
The cool thing about underscore
is it works in all environments,
it's just pure JavaScript, it's not like
jQuery where it only works in the browser.
So you could use underscore, for
example, in node it's used a lot.
Or if you're doing some
hardware stuff as well.
Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then,
you can also look at the annotated
source code which is really interesting.
You can see like how they
actually write underscore and
it's all annotated so you could see
like how reduce is written here,
and, let's see, at the very bottom.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
that's really handy,
if you're getting stuck and
you kinda wanna see how it's
really working underneath.
Yup?
>> Speaker 2: Did you say jQuery
only works in the browser?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: If you think about it,
jQuery's all about selecting DOM nodes and
then manipulating them and
then putting them back into the DOM.
The DOM is lives in the browser.
Cool.
So we're gonna talk about
a couple of underscore methods.
How to use them, and
then I'm kinda gonna set you use and
let you just explore and
work with underscore on some exercises.